TO DO LIST for DYN:

UI:
	Improved adaptability to screen resize
	Improved control
	More control options (buttons, ipad controls)
	New menu (smaller, image buttons)
	Hideable menu (opaque only when hovered over)

HISTORY:	
	Generate new history each turn, somehow
		Either move all history generation to main file, or write a restoreHist function.
	Write all the effect functions and evaluators
		Analyse cities more thoroughly
	Inter-city history	
	Inter-cultural history
	Generate opportunities
		Feed these to AI
	Duration (more natural starts and ends: a great philosopher can't be active forever).
	Refer to "actual" global variable year. generateHistory(100) should set it to -100, then year++ to 0.
	Generate history summarizations in plain text (In year 10 BCE, the city population boomed).

EVENTS:
	Write basic methods
	Choices
	Outcomes

PEOPLE/POPULATION:
	Change person storage method (use object with p.id, not array).
	Merge cities
	Separate as well (flood fill)

AI:	
	Basic AI to make sure people age and die
		Includes removing person from lists...
	Basic AI to make sure people try to survive, but die eventually
		Use and deplete food and drink - then reset next turn
	Basic AI to make sure people reproduce
		Add new person to lists...
	Basic AI to make sure people produce products
		Don't magically reset food and drink and other products
 
BUGS/FIXES:
	Rivers don't flow towards nearest water body
	All filters don't seem to work?
	City names not always visible (drawn beneath other filters or out of view)
	City names sometimes too obviously french girl names
	Re-evaluate facts properly (or just always re-evaluate by default).

WEIRD, Low priority bugs:
	Weird lines at startup
	
FUTURE STUFF:
	Temperature : snow, tundra, desert, jungles
	Tile history (became settlement year 10)
	City should form new settlements / colonies
	Completely revamped population generation
	Height map
	Rivers can continue from lakes (mountain -> lake -> ocean)
	More dynamic maps : Volcanoes, forests growing/shrinking
	More tile sub-types: Marsh, hill, bushlands, steppe
		Marsh: no roads or settlements, more water.
		Hill: (Mountain with depth < 2): settlements possible, more horses
	More detail when zoomed in: do something to make the world more interesting up close
	Monsters of some kind : could attack villages
	Roads are used. Goods are trafficked.
	Named areas.
	Meaningful names.
	Legendary people. Religions. Cults. Proper "culture".
	Store world somewhere: web app with unlimited storage?
	Port to C++, OpenGL ?

PROBLEMS TO CONSIDER:
	Drawing speed: It currently takes way too long to draw the world (even at high zoom levels)
	Memory: Crashes due to lack of memory. It limits the potential scope of the project
	Scale: Too high scale to be personal. The big worlds are really nice though...
	Graphics: Looks terrible up close.
	Save Files: Too big to store in localStorage (at least without making sacrifices) 
POTENTIAL SOLUTIONS: 
	Rewrite as desktop game (solves speed, memory and saves)
	Add more detail at high zoom (solves scale and graphics)
	Make concessions regarding world size. Maybe 120.000 tiles is unreasonable.
